Add Testing passed props section (#173)
infinum/frontend-handbook: React/Testing best practices.md

});
```

## Testing passed props

> When testing the user interactions or trying to see if a component is called with a certain property you can wrap a component in a jest function.

Reviewer: maybe we can simplify the intro... code speaks more than words :D
```suggestion
A quick how to on using Jest to check if correct props are passed to a child component.
```

Author: Changed

> In the example below, the component with a button and on click it will open a modal. We want to test if the `Modal` is open or not by checking if the `Modal` component got `isOpen={true}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is purely to show how to verify that a React components props are passed in a Jest unit test. There are two components, a `MyModal` and a `Modal` from Chakra UI library. The `MyModal` renders `Modal` and `Button`, and 'open' state is handled with `useDisclosure` hook. The goal is to check if `Modal` component got the `isOpen={true}` prop when user clicks the button.
```

Author: Changed

```tsx
import { Modal } from '@chakra-ui/react';

jest.mock('@chakra-ui/react', () => {
	const originalImplementation = jest.requireActual('@chakra-ui/react');

	return {
		...originalImplementation,
		Modal: jest.fn((props) => {
			const { Modal: OriginalModal } = jest.requireActual('@chakra-ui/react');

			return <OriginalModal {...props} />;
		}),
	};
});

describe("MyModal", () => {
	it("should open on click", () => {

> 		render(<MyModal />);

Reviewer: Do we need to show an example of `MyModal` component?

Reviewer: with useDisclosure and stuff

Author: I added it!
